hey what's up everybody mike here so
what we're doing today is going to show
the combination of jet fire and Optimus
Prime to form super-prime ultimate Prime
badass Brian whatever you want to call
him don't mess with them he'll rip your
spark out squeeze it till it explodes
Prime so I guess we'll start with
Optimus over here I'm ready for
combination mode which one do is you
take these panels and rotate them down
alrighty it these towels stinking swords
alright pull these panels all the way
out make sure you click them in so I'm
get in the way so you got them like that
no his stores they're not supposed to
come out I mean you can probably use
them in this mode but that's not part of
the transformation okay and finally what
you want to do is just bring his feet
down like that already okay so go ahead
and put prime over there bring jetfire
over alright first want to take off his
landing gear and gun okay
then you take the cockpit show you take
the cockpit and split it in half all
right bring it down good like that okay
bring the legs down as well up there
we're out of their Pig okay take this
piece and pull it out already and rotate
the leg around ok there's towards like
that do the same thing with this post
piece out and then rotate the leg around
where it's like that all right next
thing you want to do is you take the
engines need to rotate them up to their
tail up to their take this piece off
space right here alrighty and you are
ready don't forget these panels full in
like that pull that apart and your
written out not yet not yet now we're
ready just pull that piece up and you're
ready with a jet fire now for the guns
it was paddle out bring in the cane
already
put in the hole and close the gun like
that and there you go there is one of
the guns we also hook this one up to
brown as well okay now for the
combination now there are these pages on
prime times back right there that go
into these holes right here and on
jetfire there's these hooks right here
where my thumb is at go now hook on to
these back pieces of prime so one do
just go ahead and make sure everything
Street go and the pegs should find
themselves and then just clip into place
the next step is you want to take this
panel here and clip it to Prime's crotch
here all right and then the feet are
next okay I just want to lay them down
at this point try to stand them up you
just take Prime's foot in the back of
jet fighters foot and hook them together
like so right that and then bring the
this part of the foot down and hook in
that's right there there we go just like
that do the same thing with this play
okay now
assuming everything goes okay the last
thing you should have to do is these
pieces around the ones that hang on this
rubbery classic these pieces just bring
them around and hook them together the
stomach area of prime okay now assuming
I have everything right according to
instructions this is what it should look
like when you're completed let's do a
360 so I guess you can situate as things
here to make them there we go so that's
pretty much it you guys balanced pretty
good there's no articulation in the legs
anymore unfortunately they're still in
the arms for his weapons just take this
gun and hook it or put it in this hand
so and then take this one and hook up to
the silver part right here miss will
fire so there you go Jetfire Jeff hi
Optimus Prime combination form so yeah
pretty cool I I assume it's only for
flight mode that's what it looks like I
mean his legs ways legs are posed and
everything jetpacks everywhere I don't
know it's a fun combination but I just
prefer both of them individually and not
combined so appreciate you guys have a
different opinion on this whole thing so
whatever right
so yes all right guys go and links to
six thousand subscribers you guys kick
ass you guys are still kicking ass so
yeah take it easy everybody
you